Who are you?
You and other trivial ants
Dare to break ground on Tai Sui
You misunderstood
Mother, haven't you been sealed?
Although this seat is not in the world
You and other ants dare to be so rampant in front of this seat
Have you lived too long?
How should Lin Sheng handle it?
The half-earth powerhouse actually called him Lin Sheng
Give you a chance to kill
Go ahead yeah
Not good this Porta
God Weapon
What are you still doing?
Go get help
Well, if you want to escape now, you can escape
Are you still going to die?
How is Lin Sheng doing below?
Not enough Thunder Cloud Sect
extermination
Yes
Report to the Holy King Tianzong to destroy 100,000 disciples of my Thunder Cloud Sect
Please make the decision for me, Holy King
What, 10,000 years ago?
Tianzong ancestors worshiped the king
Therefore, the promotion became the emperor
These Tianzong are rapidly declining
Unexpectedly, after many years
Tianzong has risen
Danger of the King
No one is allowed to provoke
Please order St. Jack to send men to the army immediately as follows
Tianzun is a small Tianzong
How dare you approve
Han Dashou is courting death
The Holy General departs immediately
When I listen to Tianzong